A simple game in the making, written to learn go.

The idea is that it has several simple languages in which you can program a robot to travel through a maze. When you level up the language gets more complicated and you can do more difficult things.

The maze is being generated by a random walk + backtracking. I added a small twist by using a priority queue with randomized weight for backtracking instead of a simple list,
this creates a bit more interesting mazes. Further more the maze is on a torus, thus when you go utmost left and then step a bit further left, you end upmost right. This makes
a lot of things simpler.

It is written in SDL and go and the maze itself already works including the robot (you can move it around). Collision with walls works. However that is about it :)

# Todo

## Language 1

The first language just has the following constructs:

	<program> := [<command>]*
	<command> := repeat <number> <command> | left | right | up | down

## Make it modular

Go has actually a quite nice module system, which I don't use at all. I don't have a clue yet.

## Sprites

Add a sprite for the robot when it moves. It is a bit boring now.

# Ideas

## 3 dimensional maze

It is rather easy to make the maze '3d'. This will add portals, which the user can activate (moving the user backward of forward). It will let you jump to another maze.
It sits then on a 3-torus (that is when you take a cube and glue the sides together). A 3-torus lives in 4 dimensions.

## Cut some walls

The mazes generated are now simple mazes. That is, when you put your left hand on the wall left of you and keep walking while touching the wall, you will find the end.
By cutting a couple of walls strategically, a maze looses this property.
